Add repository schedule to remind inactive repos (#136)
bcgov/repomountie: templates/inactive_repo_reminder.md

> This issue is a kind reminder that your repository has been inactive for <%- daysInactive %> days.
> To help identify organizations that are no longer maintained, repomountie will open an issue on repositories that haven't been updated in <%- daysInactive %> days.
> 
> We understand that some maintained repositories may not be frequently updated. If this is the case, please close this issue to indicate so.
> If this repository isn't actively developed anymore and you want to make this repository read-only, it is recommended to archive this repository.

Reviewer: We probably want to collaborate on the text content of this issue.

```suggestion
This issue is a kind reminder that your repository has been inactive for <%- daysInactive %> days. Some repositories are maintained in accordance with business requirements that infrequently change thus appearing inactive, and some repositories are inactive because they are unmaintained.

To help differentiate products that are unmaintained from products that do not require frequent maintenance, repomountie will open an issue whenever a repository has not been updated in <%- daysInactive %> days.

If this product is being actively maintained, please close this issue.
If this repository isn't being actively maintained anymore, please archive this repository.

Thank you for your help ensuring effective governance of our open-source ecosystem!
```

Author: It sounds much better. I will update the content.
